Update README.md (#30)
ivokub/tailscale-qpkg: README.md

set the environment variable `TSTAG` to the release number, e.g.
`TSTAG=v1.20.3 make out/pkg`.

How-To Build in Windows
----------------
1. Install "Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install"
  1a. Quick Start WSL by entering this command in an administrator PowerShell or Windows Command Prompt and then restarting your machine `wsl --install`
2. Install Windows Terminal https://aka.ms/terminal
3. From Windows Command Prompt or PowerShell, you can open your default Linux distribution inside your current command line, by entering: `wsl.exe`
4. When in WSL run `sudo apt install docker.io build-essential -y`
5. `git clone https://github.com/ivokub/tailscale-qpkg.git`
6. `sudo dockerd` (then open a new linux session to be able to run next line, if you ctrl-c the service stops)
7. `cd tailscale-qpkg/`
9. `sudo make out/pkg`
10. You can find the files if you do "Win+R" command and paste `%USERPROFILE%\tailscale-qpkg\out\pkg`

Installation
------------

1. Manually install Tailscale package in QNAP App Center.

> 2. SSH into your QNAP and push Q in the menu to get shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. SSH into your QNAP. If instead of command line shell you see a list of options, choose Q to open shell.
```

Older versions of QNAP do not have the admin menu and it is possible to manually disable it. So, every user does not necessarily see the option.
